TCR-64 ui-inventory-import module evaluation (#118)
folio-org/tech-council: module_evaluations/TCR-64_2026-02-17-ui-inventory-import.MD

  * _This is not applicable to libraries_
* [x] [Personal data form](https://github.com/folio-org/personal-data-disclosure) is completed, accurate, and provided as PERSONAL_DATA_DISCLOSURE.md file (6)
  * _This is not applicable to libraries_
* [x] Sensitive and environment-specific information is not checked into git repository (6)
* [x] Written in a language and framework from the [officially supported technologies](https://wiki.folio.org/display/TC/Officially+Supported+Technologies) page[^1] (3, 5)
* [x] Uses FOLIO interfaces already provided by previously accepted modules _e.g. a UI module cannot be accepted that relies on an interface only provided by a back end module that hasn’t been accepted yet_ (3, 5, 12)
  * _This is not applicable to libraries_
* [x] Must not depend on a FOLIO library that has not been approved through the TCR process
* [x] Gracefully handles the absence of third party systems or related configuration. (3, 5, 12)
  * _Note: This applies to optional third-party integrations and their configurations only. Required environment variables (those without sensible defaults) should fail fast on startup per the Environment Variables Policy._

> * [x] Sonarqube hasn't identified any security issues, any high or greater severity issues, or excessive (>3%) duplication (6); and any disabled or intentionally ignored rules/recommendations are reasonably justified.

Author: At the time I evaluated, there were no disabled or ignored sonarqube rules but now there are: 
https://github.com/folio-org/ui-inventory-import/blob/d503aa525617c8e241e771cf7c5bfa720ea7bb61/sonar-project.properties#L1-L4

Reviewer: This is resolved. The file has a comment that reasonably justifies the ignore rules:
https://github.com/folio-org/ui-inventory-import/blob/main/sonar-project.properties

5. Module can be deployed in the Community’s reference environments without undue burden
6. Module is secure
7. Module is multi-tenant
8. Module is internationalized
9. Module meets current accessibility requirements
10. Module offers a cohesive user experience consistent with the rest of FOLIO
11. Module has developer and end-user documentation
12. Module depends ONLY on other modules and infrastructure that are already included in FOLIO
13. Module has a long-term development and maintenance plan
14. Module is scalable
15. Module supports high availability
16. Modules conforms to FOLIO upgrade mechanisms

## Criteria

### Administrative
* [x] Listed by the Product Council on [Functionality Evaluated by the PC](https://wiki.folio.org/display/PC/Functionality+Evaluated+by+the+PC) with a positive evaluation result.
  - For existing module evaluation: This criterion is inapplicable.

### Shared/Common
* [x] Uses Apache 2.0 license (2)
* [x] Module build MUST produce a valid module descriptor (3, 5)
  * _This is not applicable to libraries_
* [x] Inclusion of third party dependencies complies with [ASF 3rd Party License Policy](https://apache.org/legal/resolved.html) (2)

>   * **emitter-component version 1.1.2 is not licensed https://www.npmjs.com/package/emitter-component/v/1.1.2 but the [latest version](https://github.com/sindresorhus/component-emitter) is under MIT license. I think this means this 3rd party dependency should be updated to the latest, licensed version.**

Reviewer: Version 1.1.2 is MIT licensed:
* https://github.com/sindresorhus/component-emitter/tree/1.1.2?tab=readme-ov-file#license
* https://github.com/sindresorhus/component-emitter/blob/1.1.2/bower.json#L9

  * **emitter-component has been removed**

>   * **I'm not sure why, but the latest run of the [tc-module-eval tool](https://github.com/folio-org/tc-module-eval/actions/runs/22494751658) shows some confusing results that did not appear in the previous run**

Reviewer: You may use the results of the run from 2026-03-03:
https://github.com/folio-org/tc-module-eval/actions/runs/22623164265

  * _The FOLIO Community LSP Platform is defined at https://github.com/folio-org/platform-lsp._
  * _This can be evaluated by searching application descriptors across the folio-org GitHub organization (considering those applications part of the community platform) and confirming that this module only appears in the application descriptor of the one specified application._

### Frontend

Note: Frontend criteria apply to both modules and shared libraries. 

* [x] For each consumed API `package.json` MUST include the interface requirement in the `"okapiInterfaces"` or `"optionalOkapiInterfaces"` section (3, 5)
  * -_note: read more at https://github.com/folio-org/stripes/blob/master/doc/dev-guide.md#the-package-file-stripes-entry_
* [ ] ~If provided, End-to-end tests must be written in an [officially supported technology](https://wiki.folio.org/display/TC/Officially+Supported+Technologies)[^1] (3, 4)~
  * -_note: while it's strongly recommended that modules implement integration tests, it's not a requirement_
  * -_note: these tests are defined in https://github.com/folio-org/stripes-testing_
* [ ] **Have i18n support via react-intl and an en.json file with English texts (8)**

>   * **There are non-English json files but they are not translated.**

Reviewer: It
* has i18n support via react-intl because it uses `<FormattedMessage id="…" />`
* has an en.json file with English texts

Therefore the criterion is fullfilled.

Translations are out of scope of the TC evaluation. Some languages no longer have active translators.

  * **Also this one? https://github.com/folio-org/ui-inventory-import/blob/3ff636d8995345b8b297ed2f33b70a06de39ee24/package.json#L11**
* [x] Written in a language and framework from the [officially supported technologies](https://wiki.folio.org/display/TC/Officially+Supported+Technologies) page[^1] (3, 5)
* [x] Uses FOLIO interfaces already provided by previously accepted modules _e.g. a UI module cannot be accepted that relies on an interface only provided by a back end module that hasn’t been accepted yet_ (3, 5, 12)
  * _This is not applicable to libraries_
* [x] Must not depend on a FOLIO library that has not been approved through the TCR process
* [ ] **Gracefully handles the absence of third party systems or related configuration. (3, 5, 12)**
  * **I don't think it meets this criteria b/c of the environment-specific information I noted above.**
  * _Note: This applies to optional third-party integrations and their configurations only. Required environment variables (those without sensible defaults) should fail fast on startup per the Environment Variables Policy._

> * [ ] **Sonarqube hasn't identified any security issues, any high or greater severity issues, or excessive (>3%) duplication (6); and any disabled or intentionally ignored rules/recommendations are reasonably justified.**

Reviewer: Can you mention the 5 security hotspots?
https://sonarcloud.io/project/security_hotspots?id=org.folio%3Aui-inventory-import
https://github.com/folio-org/ui-inventory-import/pulls?q=ReDoS

>   * **duplicated lines is at 7.8% above the 3% threshold**

Reviewer: Add link, update number.

```suggestion
  * **[duplicated lines is at 5.8%](https://sonarcloud.io/component_measures?id=org.folio%3Aui-inventory-import&metric=duplicated_lines_density&view=list) above the 3% threshold**
```

>   * **124 major type severity identified**

Reviewer: Add link, update number.

```suggestion
  * **[123 major type severity identified](https://sonarcloud.io/project/issues?severities=MAJOR&issueStatuses=OPEN%2CCONFIRMED&id=org.folio%3Aui-inventory-import)**
```

Author: The number is now 125 so I said "over 100" and added the link in my latest [commit](https://github.com/folio-org/tech-council/pull/118/commits/2ef4232ed034e51553a288d021f001483fbf268a).
